Version 1.5
  - Available isotope list read from file data/Index, instead of hard-coded
  - Removed extraneous decay info from data (.GAM) files
  - Modified .GAM files to remove redundant branching info

Version 1.4
  - More detailed mcnp and mcnpx example and documentation
  - radsrc application
    - Default binning now from files in lib not hardcoded
    - Will search for default files in $RADSRC_HOME/lib and ./lib
    - Line selection is now done within an energy window of 0.1 keV

Version 1.3
  -  radsrc application
     - Added feature to save input definition to a file suitable for
       reading back in.
     - Added option to accept defaults for energy range of output lines.
     - Windows XP and MacOSX native version (can double click) with
       test scripts, reference output, and zip archive.
  -  Makefile improvements and target to compile Windows XP version: mingw.
  -  Automated validation against reference output on unix, cygwin, and mingw.
  -  Changed application name to radsrc (was gsource).
  -  Added API function to render sampling from bremmstrahlung optional.
  -  Removed ability to copy CRadSource classes, as the copy of CPhotonComputer
     is not fully implemented. Copy will be restored when it is implemented if
     it is practical.
  -  Added new keywords to the config file parser: brem on|off and
     range <min> <max>.

Version 1.2:
  -  Large scale refactoring into decay and photon computational objects.
  -  More in line with C++ and OOP style conventions.
  -  Functional form of time-dependent functions computed and published
     via member function. Evaluation of function is delayed.
  -  Isotope concentrations and photon intensities are now HighPrecisionType
     variables, as defined in porting.h.
  -  Iterator for photon lists provided, which dereferences to an
     accessor object that provides a great deal of information about
     the isotopes that produce each line.
  -  Database management object instantiates isotope database of different
     types (potentially) and different locations.
  -  User no longer has to explicitly configure for 64-bit architectures
  -  Makefile supports multiple compilers and architectures with command
     line arguments
  -  GSource now accepts a batch mode.
  -  GSource line output enhanced with more information.
  -  Duplicate data in PA234MB corrected.
   
Version 1.1.1:
  -  Bug fix release.
  -  Added Doxygen configuration file.

Version 1.1:
  -  Added Photon & 4-Vector Generation, given a RNG function pointer.
  -  Library can obtain problem specification from the file specified
     by RADSRCCONFIG environment variable, or any istream.
  -  Problem specification can be written to a CHARACTER*N variable
     for output by FORTRAN calling routine.
  -  Gsource MCI output file now more closely conforms to MCNP input
     specifications and GAMGEN output.
  -  GSource now outputs a listing of all lines.
  -  Added Java Native Interface wrapper for developers, not production ready
